Kochiradesu. This way this way yeah so like
Uh It's kind of hard. Um okay.
Or if you want to look at the screen, and I'll look at your screen.
But okay, we were talking about music.
Well, I was kind of interested.
We started off talking about what you've been up to but...
Your music history class is actually really interesting.
And you like the turn of the century.
Okay. What, what...
What interests you about that, the century?
Turmoil.
mmm-hmm
Okay.
Oh.
Yes, the jazz type stuff. Okay.
mmm-hmm
Yeah
Yeah. Okay.
Okay. Um...
You know how listening is different, but
When it comes to playing music, it's different from enjoying
the music. Which like era music do you like actually
playing?
Romantic music.
What, what makes it easier?
Oh.
Oh, It's more emotion.
If romantic, if when you say romantic, is it like, what, like, Beet...
Is it Beethoven? Okay.
Le- Letus.
Okay. So then Mozart is completely classical?
Okay. I'm correct.
Pretty.
Yeah. Well
like the turn of the century has a lot of more discord, right? Okay.
I can kind of see how more impact.
The now discord. Yeah.
mmm-hmm. mmm-hmm.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
mmm-hmm
Oh...
Yeah. Yeah.
mmm-hmm
Yes.
True.
Yeah. So...
uh what have you been like...Have you been
All these musical caps lately, right? Which,which one?
Where? Where's the last one you went?
Okay.
New York. City or upstate?
Yeah. Long Island.
Ohhh...
Yeah. Okay, how was that?
Legacy. What? Where, where. What did you gonna do?
mmm-hmm
Yeah.
All the people of the island?
Oh, at the camp, okay, with you, okay.
Oh. And how long did you stay with these? That's a long time.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
They look at the dynamics of the students?
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, definitely.
That makes sense.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Are they age range? Are they the same? or they're
Like how, what's the oldest?
18? 19 is the oldest?
Yeah.
Okay, so the oldest is 19.
Oh, okay. Okay. Okay.